[docs] add agent resource sizing guidance (#62485)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/deployment/scaling.mdx

Note that you are not limited to a single `windows_desktop_service`, and can connect multiple to your cluster in order to
spread resources out over multiple logical machines.

> ## Node Resource Limits

Author: At this point specifically `ssh` agents. 

I hope to in the future have a programmatic approach for sizing all agents in which case perhaps we can unify this with subsections per agent/resource type but considered that to be out of scope for this PR specifically.

> ## Node Resource Limits

Reviewer: Thanks I'd suggest titling SSH instead of node. That makes it more clear the agent type this is targeting and matches the other documentation titles like enrollment.

> ## Node Resource Limits

Author: Ack; thanks that's a good point! Amended.

> ## SSH Agent Resource Utilization

Reviewer 2: Our docs use sentence casing for headings. Same suggestion for other headings below.

```suggestion
## Teleport SSH Service resource utilization
```

<Admonition
  type="note"
  title="Note"
>
  The figures listed in this guide are illustrative only using a synthetic workload. Always measure your specific workload in a representative environment before setting production limits.
</Admonition>

### Long Lived Sessions

| concurrent sessions | RAM usage (MiB)  |
| ------------------ | ---------------- |
| 1                  | 292              |
| 2                  | 355              |
| 4                  | 480              |
| 8                  | 730              |
| 16                 | 1239             |
| 32                 | 2232             |
| 64                 | 4260             |
| 128                | 8233             |

For a typical agent RAM usage increases linearly with the number of concurrent sessions.

### New Session Requests

| sessions per second |  CPU peak (millicores) |
| ------------------ |  -------------------- |
| 1                  |  207                  |
| 2                  |  410                  |
| 4                  |  903                  |
| 8                  |  1770                 |
| 16                 |  3780                 |
| 32                 |  8500                 |

> The primary driver of CPU usage by the Node Agent is the burst usage when new sessions are established.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The primary driver of CPU usage by the SSH Service is the burst usage when new sessions are established.
```

### Estimating Resource Requirements

> To estimate the resource requirements for a Node Agent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To estimate the resource requirements for the SSH Service:
```

1. Number of new sessions per second.

<Admonition
  type="note"
  title="Note"
>
  The figures listed in this guide are illustrative only using a synthetic workload. Always measure your specific workload in a representative environment before setting production limits.
</Admonition>

### Long lived sessions

| concurrent sessions | RAM usage (MiB)  |
| ------------------ | ---------------- |
| 1                  | 292              |
| 2                  | 355              |
| 4                  | 480              |
| 8                  | 730              |
| 16                 | 1239             |
| 32                 | 2232             |
| 64                 | 4260             |
| 128                | 8233             |

For a typical agent RAM usage increases linearly with the number of concurrent sessions.

### New session requests

| sessions per second |  CPU peak (millicores) |
| ------------------ |  -------------------- |
| 1                  |  207                  |
| 2                  |  410                  |
| 4                  |  903                  |
| 8                  |  1770                 |
| 16                 |  3780                 |

> | 32                 |  8500                 |

Reviewer 3: Should we round these number to the closest multiple of 50 or 100? There's no way the numbers are precise down to the millicore.

Reviewer 3: (the same applies to the RAM too)

Author: Yes, good point, done!
